# GowanMHamsterHotel
Madeline Gowan
11-18-2022
Hamster Hotel
In this assignment we must create a website, based on an AdobeXD prototype created by someone else. It must be responsive and function with screen sizes for mobile devices, tablets, and computers. It should be as close to the prototype as possible.


Peer Review by:  Pedro Castaneda - Good effort. This was quite a challenging project. There were a few things I noticed. On the utlra wide screen you can see your images repeat in the 'Amenities' section, the other sections that had background images were fine I think you may have missed a no-repeat value. Your reserve a room image doesn't expand along with the blue box that has the inputs. In the Our Rooms section there need to be a gap between cards and in the 1024px laptop the cards over flow onto the 'Packages' section. The award images in the 1024px laptop screen bunch together. Also the reserve a room image expands greater than the blue input box in the same 1024 screen. The tablet version looks excellent! In the 425 the amenities section offsets to the right and the inputs are misaligned in reserve a room section. The links in the navbar are in the center but should have been at baseline and the links needed a white border when hovered over. I struggled with some of the same issues you were having and it was very difficult to figure out. I really liked the title for the website and the use of cards for the rooms section on smaller screens. Although there were these issues I think overall the project looked very similar to the Adobe XD example. Nice work!